Improve extension-codestart guide (#21164)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/extension-codestart.adoc

- Optionally, add the <<app-config>>.

- Create an <<integration-test>>.

- <<generating>>

== Writing an Extension Codestart in the Quarkiverse or standalone

For extensions hosted outside of the Quarkus core[https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus] repository, codestarts will typically be located in the runtime module (with special instruction in the `pom.xml` to generate a separate codestart artifact). https://github.com/ia3andy/aloha-code/[Here, window="_blank"] is an example extension with a codestart & its tests

[#generating]

> == Generating your Extension Codestart

Reviewer: This part is specific to codestarts in the Quarkus repo, right? Should we mention that explicitly?

> NOTE: **You need to build your codestart with maven to make it available. After adding the codestart and updating the relevant extension's metadata yml file (and building both modules), you also have to rebuild the `devtools/bom-descriptor-json` module to include the codestart in the platform descriptor.**

Reviewer: Let's clarify this further. Specifically, to make it available for what? The Quarkus dev tools, such as the CLI? Also please use capitalized M for Maven.

=== With the tests

> You can also use the <<integration-test>> to help develop your codestart with `buildAllProjects` (In Quarkus core we added `@EnabledIfSystemProperty(named = "build-projects", matches = "true")` because codestarts are already built together in another test from `QuarkusCodestartBuildIT`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the <<integration-test>> to help develop your codestart with `buildAllProjects` (In Quarkus core we added `@EnabledIfSystemProperty(named = "build-projects", matches = "true")` because codestarts are already built together in another test from `QuarkusCodestartBuildIT`). 
```

Use `-Dbuild-projects=true` when running this test to generate the real project with your codestart. Open it with your IDE, then change the code and copy it back to the codestart (and iterate until you are happy with the result).

=== With the Quarkus tooling

> If you want to try using the CLI or Maven plugin for generating a project with your codestart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the CLI or Maven plugin to generate a project with your codestart:
```

[#integration-test]
=== Integration test

An extension is available to help test extension codestarts `QuarkusCodestartTest`. It provides a way to test:

- the generated project content (with immutable mocked data) using snapshot testing
- the generated project build/run (with real data) with helpers to run the build

> NOTE: Before all tests, the extension will generate Quarkus projects in the specified languages with the given codestart, with mocked data and with real data. You can find those generated project in `target/quarkus-codestart-test`. You can open the `real-data` ones in your IDE or play with them using the terminal. * the real data  is the easiest way to iterate on your extension codestart dev.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Before all the tests, the extension will generate Quarkus projects in the specified languages with the given codestart using mocked data and real data. You can find those generated projects in the `target/quarkus-codestart-test` directory. You can open the `real-data` ones in your IDE or play with them using the terminal. *The real data is the easiest way to iterate on your extension codestart development.*
```
